Doc: Add reStructuredTxt describing the project (#1)
NuttX/nuttx_hardware: Documentation/index.rst

.. note::
  The present documentation explains what is the NuttX Board Standard, its features, pinouts, etc.

====================
NuttX Board Standard
====================

Instead of having many different boards with different form-factors,
peripherals, etc, we could have a common baseboard with a standized

> connector to support plug-in differents MCUs modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connector to support plugging in different MCU modules.
```
